Kapil , who is now married to Ginni Chatrath.Kapil  and Ginni Chatrath look made for each other in these pictures from their wedding ceremony.Kapil posted a picture of Ginni .Kapil weds Ginni.For a relationship that's almost half a decade old, you'd think that we'd be used to seeing frequent co-stars and lovebirds Deepika and Ranveer lavish each other with attention.Kapil And Ginni Chatrath To Welcome Their First Baby After 5 Months Of Marriage. We are talking about Kapil and Ginni Chatrath. For the uninitiated ones, it must be mentioned here that Kapil and Ginni took the nuptial plunge on December 12, 2018, in a Gurudwara wedding.From their humble beginnings as a summer romance of 2018 to their elaborate wedding celebrations, Priyanka and Nick have become a major celebrity power couple. Here, relive their Met Gala meeting, Chopra's emotional birthday montage, and every moment in between.Ranveer Bhavnani (born 6 July 1985) is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films. The recipient of several awards, including four Filmfare Awards, Singh is among the highest-paid actors in the country and has featured in Forbes India's Celebrity 100 list since 2012.Bajirao Mastani is a 2015 Indian Hindi-language epic historical romance film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, who also composed its soundtrack. The film was jointly produced by Bhansali and Eros International's Kishore Lulla; it stars Ranveer .Deepika and ranveer The supporting cast includes Tanvi Azmi, Vaibhav Tatwawaadi and Milind Soman. Based on the fictional Marathi novel Rau by Nagnath S. Inamdar, Bajirao Mastani narrates the story of the Maratha Peshwa Bajirao I (1700–1740 AD) and his second wife.Priyanka is learning a new skill during the coronavirus pandemic, thanks to her musician husband Nick .Anushka  married Virat in a hush-hush ceremony when she was 29.ctor Anushka has once again heaped praises on her husband and cricketer Virat .Talking to Filmfare in an interview, she said she that while some may think that it is rare for an a female actor to get married at 29, she did it because she was in love.ctor Anushka has once again heaped praises on her husband and cricketer Virat .Talking to Filmfare in an interview, she said she that while some may think that it is rare for an a female actor to get married at 29, she did it because she was in love.Kapil and ginni Lockdown: Here Is Everything The Comedian Has Done This Past Week.
Kapil  is among one of the most esteemed personalities in Bollywood. He is known for his impeccable comic timing and brilliant show running skills. Kapil , while practicing social distancing, has been involved in quite a bit of activity while being home. Here is a recap of what the actor was doing in the past week.Kapil  has been practicing social distancing; however, he has not let this come in the way of him interacting with his fans.kapil and ginni who has always been tight-lipped about his relationship, surprised everyone by introducing girlfriend Ginni Chatrath to the world on Saturday. He shared an image with Ginni with a note that said, "Will not say she is my better half, she completes me... love u Ginni. Please welcome her. I love her so much.Kapil , Ginni Chatrath expecting first child
The couple, who tied the knot in December, was recently spotted leaving for Canada.

​Kapil and Ginni Chatrath ​tied the knot in December last year.
Kapil Sharma and Ginni Chatrath tied the knot in December last year.
Actor-comedian Kapil Sharma and wife Ginni Chatrath are all set to become parents. The couple tied the knot in December last year, with functions spread over cities.

While the couple had previously kept the news private, recently pictures of them leaving for a 'babymoon' to Canada started doing the rounds on social media. According to reports, the 38-year-old comedian said that his mother was the most excited by the news.
Akshay Kumar, is an Indian-born Canadian actor, producer, martial artist and television personality who works in Bollywood films. In a career spanning over 29 years, Kumar has appeared in over 100 films and has won several awards, including the National Film Award for Best Actor for his performance in Rustom (2016), and two Filmfare Awards for Ajnabee .Akshay Kumar, born September 9, 1967, is an actor. He studied martial arts in Hong Kong. It was a student that suggested that he try modeling. Because of his success as model, he was offered films. Along with his good looks and excellent martial art skills, he was always the first choice to do adventurous movies.Another Day, Another Workout Pic Of Salman Khan. Salman Khan loves to workout and we have proof to back that up. On Friday, Jacqueline Fernandez shared a picture of her Kick co-star from his workout session on her Instagram profile.Ajay Devgn, is an Indian film actor, director and producer. He is widely considered as one of the most intense and influential actors of Hindi cinema, who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films.ajay Devgn has won numerous accolades, including two National Film Awards and four Filmfare Awards. 
